hey guys what is going on before to
bring you guys another pc gameplay and
today what I got for you guys 105 two
three Triple nuclear on the map slums
pretty impressive gameplay in my opinion
I guess you could say probably my
highest kill triple nucular so far and I
would say like the most scary triple
nucular I've ever got if you guys check
the kill feed a lot in this gameplay you
will see that the whole enemy team
pretty much is using are the enemy teams
i guess you could say are using LMGs and
when you're going for game plays
especially like triple nuclear's you
definitely don't want to die on streaks
and LMGs is like I don't know you guys
know how they are in black ops 2 they're
just like incident and you know that
stuff is really really scary so um you
know this is one of them gameplays you
got to play really smart um if you if
you try to challenge someone with the
lmg they're most likely going to kill
you um I kind of played around that I
guess a little bit these kids were
really bad but at the same time you know
like I said they had LMGs anybody can be
good with the lmg you got a hundred
bullets and they kill in two shots so
but anyways besides that the gameplay
will get back to that a little bit later
on this is actually my introduction
video into the doom clan so it's a
pretty special video I guess you guys
could say probably my first and only
upload of black ops 2 on to this channel
I'm sure with ghost coming out and stuff
like that I'm probably not going to be
going back to this game anytime soon
we'll say at least I have a lot of high
hopes for ghosts but I'm not going to
get into them I guess right now because
i'm sure you guys I mean every video you
guys see on youtube is probably just
like oh I'm so excited for ghosts and
you probably hear the same thing over
and over and over i'm going to talk a
little bit about ghosts in this
commentary but it's something that I
it's kind of like a message to youtubers
I guess you could say more than anything
so I wanna talk for a little bit on how
I do in Duplin and stuff like that
basically I've always kind of knew that
I was going to be a part of doom clan
because I had so many friends to do plan
you know and I knew I had the game place
to get in here and you know the
commentaries everything like that I felt
like I was definitely going to be a good
fit with the doom claim but it just
wasn't black ops 2 just wasn't my time
you know when the doom clan kind of
forged that was when I kind of you know
completely didn't play the game and you
know the game was just really dead to me
so I didn't really join when it was a
first made or whatever but you know now
ghost is about to start up but ghost is
a new call of duty and there's always
new things that's going to happen you
know maybe this game will be a little
bit better I really think it will be but
I'm not going to get too much into like
what I actually think
about the game or what I'm excited about
the game like I said but anyways I just
want to say that I'm really thankful I
guess you could say and happy that I'm
now a part of doom clan because I've had
so many friends in the clan like I've
said I'm pretty much you know at least
somewhat like Twitter friends or
whatever you want to say with like
ninety percent of the members in Doom
Clint so it's pretty cool to be you know
alongside with them in the doom clan
channel now but anyways I'm gonna get
into my topic for this video which is
support I want to talk about support and
coal duty ghosts and you know what it's
going to do to the game and you notice
stuff like that um if you guys really
think about black ops 2 black ops 2 for
about the first I want to say two months
black ops 2 is mainly solo and you know
solo game plays you know solo 100 pluses
in ground war or whatever was really
impressive that's what people wanted to
see and that's what a lot of people
liked getting now after about two months
i want to say around january something
like that is when people started using
support and that kind of really it
honestly does cut the life cycle down of
the game if you actually think about it
um there's kind of two different
lifespans because people will be
interested in solo as long as people are
still bringing solo if you get people
started run a support and they're
bringing out bigger score lines it's
going to make people not give a shit at
all about you know them solo game plays
because like i said man a lot of people
care about them titles and if your
posting a solo double kem strike and
someone else running supports posting
you know a triple or quad you know
people are going to be more interested
in their video and it's really going to
cut your views down and it's going to
force you to brunch support and then
it's just going to be that kind of
circle I think what should really happen
honestly I think that youtubers um in
general should just they should play
solo until solo gets to a point where
you can't really get higher like what I
mean by that you know like in modern
warfare 3 solo triple Moab was like you
know the like kind of elite level of
solo play so you know once people start
dropping solo triple kem strikes and
stuff like that and it's kind of too
it's like limit and it's not going to go
any higher you know people are kind of
getting bored of solo triples then you
can bring out support bring out
something fresh to the community you
know just start getting different views
I guess on stuff um kind of spicing up
the game a little bit i guess you gets
could say i feel like that will really
expand the lifespan of this game and i
really hope people kind of realize that
i know a lot of people on YouTube are
really hungry
for views and stuff like that so it
might not work out a lot of people might
not really give a fuck but as far as
like you know making the game better
because in July you don't want to be
sitting there you know waiting for a new
Call of Duty you want to still be going
at this call of duty you know trying to
get the first Pinto or whatever it may
be but like like I said if you start
support as soon as the game comes out
the first Pinto will be probably like
three or four months later so I don't
know that's just a little thought that I
was thinking about I think you guys
would enjoy that too because it would
give you guys more to watch instead of
just watching the same old thing day
after day after day but i don't i don't
know that's just my take on it let me
know what you guys think down in the
comment section below but anyways guys
that's pretty much my commentary for
today hopefully you guys did enjoy it if
you did be sure to hit that like button
it really does how about the doom clan
channel and we would all very much
appreciate that and hopefully you guys
did enjoy if you did come over and check
out my channel I would very much
appreciate that and like I said triple
nuclear on the map slums a pretty good
gameplay in my opinion 105 23 I actually
had a I want to say a 45 gunstreak here
on this last nuclear but I kind of
skipped a part of it because it was
really slow once I got to this last
nuclear I had like 4 minutes left so I
was like you know what I want to get
this trip oh I'm just going to take it
real slow and make sure I don't die and
that's exactly what I did and it came
through and got me the triple anyways
guys like I said this it for the rest of
this commentary hope you guys did enjoy
it and think you guys so much for
watching peace out
keep pressing the fight we're ahead